Hardware:

What gear should I use?
ACX has recommendations for gear at various price points, as well as on how to set up your space. Check them out here.
If you click on the ACX Beginner’s Wish List in that article, you’ll see that every microphone suggested is an XLR mic. That’s because USB microphones do a perfectly good job capturing basic sound, but simply don’t match the quality audio you get from an XLR mic.
Software:

What DAW should I use?
We have a lot of Audacity and Reaper fans here, although Adobe Audition, ProTools, and others are available and can be a good choice. Pick one, get good with it!
The Audacity user forums are incredibly active and helpful. Reaper users can go to r/reaper for an engaged community.
Editing/Post Production:

How do I get my audio to meet the standards?
It depends on which DAW you picked. User forums, YouTube videos, or a quick search of this forum will get you step-by-step instructions for several people’s methods.
If you use Audacity, use the ACX Check plugin.
Almost everyone here agrees that Izotope RX7 Standard is pure magic for cleaning up your audio- get it when you can and it will save you countless hours of manual editing.
How much should I charge for adding sound effects/music? Should I include sound effects/music.
Don’t. Here’s what ACX has to say about music in your titles.
There are very, very few books with music in the book, because you have to demonstrably own the music and be able to weave it in perfectly. Some full studios have someone with decades of experience weaving it in and enhancing the story, all while using music the studio owns or created. That’s not you. You focus on narrating.
The Audacity Wiki for Audiobook Mastering (thanks to /u/mikewoodsays)
Auditioning for books:

Will you listen to my samples and provide feedback?/Do I sound good?
There’s usually a kind soul or two that will take a listen and give feedback, but it’s not really an organized thing we do.
You can do a search online for VO coaching. There are several veteran narrators out there willing to coach you for a fee. They can analyze your voice, your performance, and your audio quality.
I uploaded some samples, when do I start getting titles?
That’s not how it works. Go audition like it’s your job until you have a book to narrate. Posting samples helps someone that’s considering your audition evaluate your range, though, so they’re not a waste, but they don’t attract offers on their own. Offers that DO come unsolicited are probably a scam. See #4.
What should I audition for?
Books that interest you and pay what you think you’re worth, are interesting enough you don’t care about the pay, or pay enough that you don’t care whether they’re interesting. There’s a whole article here.
What are the qualities of a “scam” book, and should I do it anyway?
They may reach out to you with something like “I listened to your samples and love your voice. I want you to partner with me on a book, and if it goes well, I have several more that need to be done. Please let me know!”
Scam titles are often run through multiple translators, and the resultant word soup is hard to read in your head, let alone out loud.
They are frequently very close to 30k words, or slightly below, with a target length of 3.2 hours. (3.2 hours is important to the scammer based on Audible pricing, it’s the next tier of price once it crosses that mark.)
They want you to work outside the ACX system to deliver files.
It’s a popular book that’s been out for a while, and suddenly shows up for Royalty Share sales. When you look it up, it may even already have an audiobook.
Audition notes say something like “give it your best shot! :-)”
Final word- Your portfolio is your reputation. These books will not only make you no money, they will also damage your reputation. Stay away from them!
Finances:

How come my sales don't update instantly?
We wish we knew. It happens to all of us. Sales seem to stick for a few days and then post all at once, especially near the end of the month.
How do I get paid/when do I get paid/what platform should I use for payments?
Royalties are monthly, at the end of the month AFTER they’re earned. January pays at the end of February, for example. There’s a whole article here.
Where/how should I promote my finished titles?
r/Audible allows one promotional post per poster per week under a specific format. Also try r/audiobooks, Twitter, AudiobookBoom.com, Story Origin, your email list, your own website, and (carefully) communities on Reddit or Facebook related to whatever subject covered by the book. Some are very anti-outsiders, so read the rules!
When will my book ever come out of QC?
We wish we knew. We’re waiting for ours, too. In February of 2020, ACX changed their turnaround time from a couple weeks to stating that they have up to 30 business days (so 6 weeks without any holidays) to get your title out, and they’ve been taking that whole time or more.
How is PFH handled?
It’s between you and the RH. Paypal, Zelle, Cash App, Venmo, whatever. ACX does not escrow funds, nor ensure payment. Do NOT click that you’ve been paid until you’ve been paid!
If you have any doubts at all about whether you’ll get paid for a job, or as a standard business practice, consider a requirement in the contract that the RH pay you 50% of the anticipated total cost upon approving the First 15 Minutes. This is their deposit, making sure you get SOMETHING, and keeping them vested in you finishing the book and paying you for the rest of it. This will also likely end any scam offers fairly quickly.
Other/How do I?

My author wants 2 (or more) narrators for their project. How do we do that?
ACX is not made for multiple narrators. Here’s their official word on it. You can work around it if they are willing to pay PFH rates and one producer/narrator takes the lead on uploading the project. That said, you will want additional contracts between the narrators to keep everything on the level and protect yourself. When you see multiple narrator audiobooks on Audible, it’s usually done by a big studio (like Audible Studios). They contract with and pay the narrators and then they turn it around and deal with Audible.
I have been offered a title but ACX is saying it needs to be done in 2 weeks. I work 40 hours a week and have other obligations. What do I do?
You will need to be honest and upfront with the rights holder and explain your situation; preferably with your audition. While most authors are okay with extending the production time, not being upfront about this could cause the rights holder to cancel the contract.
I have services to offer (editing/mastering) or used (working) gear to sell. Can I post about it?
Please post on r/ACXmarketplace with your services or buy/sell/trades.
Author credits go to: /u/commentonthat , /u/thevoicesofbrian , /u/mikewoodsays and /u/weirdsauce
